welcome back to train fest 2010 we're
here with John Engstrom from after model
trains John's going to share some pretty
exciting new releases that are coming
from a third including the brand new you
15 don't tell splits up makes the new 50
special all right chain well the youth
50 was owned by the Union Pacific and
the Southern Pacific we're doing both
versions were done Dukey and SP
announcements had already been made
we're doing multiple Road numbers each
version big differences visually the
Union Pacific version has a beacon on
top it's got black single time horns the
Southern Pacific version has the
three-time horn it's got drop step front
and rear and it's got a gyro lighter red
Jarrah light up on the nose
John this is a pretty big locomotive so
what what kind of radius is this going
to take this is this is running
extremely well today on our 22 inch
radius snap track table we have here at
renfest run flawlessly for four days
straight now so we're confident it's
easy on the 22 inch radio so you know
athearn previously has done this lab
side serpent in the Miranda turban this
is the next natural step what is this
year in common with the turkey this year
basically this year is the drive that
the trucks for the youth 50 came off of
brandon turban when they were scrapped
out all right so some other things that
are coming up John you know one of the
big things for next year's is going to
be the gp7 gp9 series all right we've
got our Jeep seven and nine planets are
to announce it in January with delivery
fall 2011 this is going to be what we
hope to be the be-all end-all GP seven
and nine we're going to be able to do
multiple phases multiple cabs multiple
noses in the future we're going to have
dynamic non-dynamic papito two variants
virtually road name specific this will
be in the Genesis line so you can look
for the very specific changes that we
touch as we do with our Genesis f units
the very prototype specific so coming in
the Genesis line then it was in it will
come
come with sound and on sound these will
have the tsunami sound with the correct
prime mover
as we are doing again in a Phoenix
alright so the other new release here at
the show that athens showing for the
first time as production samples are the
brand-new f-89 flatcars employs eastern
down these turned out great these deco
samples just arrived early this week
this is the f-89 f-89 foot black car
this first version is the standard as
delivered version that was delivered the
trailer frame in the very beginning
we've got these in trailer train red or
brown I guess we should call it we've
got it in the trailer train yellow and
we've got the the updated TTX paint
scheme these will be standard elephant
style trailers they'll come they'll take
to up to 240 240 foot trailers or
anything smaller than that one thing I
noticed John this one has some pretty
exquisite plumbing on the bottom side
yeah we can check this we can show that
we've got full underbody detail the
basic under frame is passed we've got
good weight also these are going to
these are going to be excellent runners
and we look for these in the Spring of
2011 now one thing that you can't pick
up the wolf goes that will cut in and
show some video love is coming next year
and that's the new athearn coffee table
train layout and matching
cadenza with storage right we've got a
coffee table that is coming there's
going to be available either as a
separate coffee table that you can put a
layout in or you can buy it with a
layout already built for you in this
case we're using in scale too that's the
size of the table announcement on this
will be formally made during the first
quarter of 2011 so be watching the after
news for that this is pretty exciting
project well John we certainly
appreciate you taking a few minutes here
at dream fest 2010 and look forward to
these great and exciting new releases
thank you very much you bit Thank You
Shan